Add `enable_automatic_upgrade` option to `virtual_machine_scale_set_extension` (#13394)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/virtual_machine_extension.html.markdown

* `auto_upgrade_minor_version` - (Optional) Specifies if the platform deploys
    the latest minor version update to the `type_handler_version` specified.

> * `automatic_upgrade_enabledd` - (Optional) Enable automatic extension upgrade whenever the extension publisher releases a new version for that extension.

Reviewer: can we update this terminology to match the other resources:

```suggestion
* `automatic_upgrade_enabled` - (Optional) Should the Extension be automatically updated whenever the Publisher releases a new version of this VM Extension? Defaults to `false`.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
